README.md, before:

p.haul
======

Process HAULer -- a tool to live-migrate containers and processes

The live-migration idea is quite simple. To live migrate a task
one needs to

* stop it and save its state into image file(s)
* make images available on the remote host
* recreate task on it from the images

This is what p.haul does. It heavily uses CRIU (http://criu.org)
to do state dump and restore. Task's stopped time is decreased
using the CRIU's pre-dump action.

Get p.haul ready
=======

1. Install criu or put criu binary location to $PATH.

2. Install protobuf-compiler and python-protobuf packages.

3. Install p.haul by running
	$ python setup.py install
   or just use it without installing.

For more information read the P.Haul-related pages on the CRIU
wiki (http://criu.org/Category:P.Haul).

How to contribute
=======

The p.haul patches should be sent to CRIU development mailing list which is
located at https://openvz.org/mailman/listinfo/criu

Before sending patches please make sure your code formatted according to
project coding style (we use [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
with some exceptions) and your changes don't introduce linter warnings.

How to run flake8 linter to verify p.haul:
* $ yum install python-setuptools
* $ easy_install pip
* $ pip install flake8
* $ make lint

BUGs
======

All BUGs are to be reported on the criu@openvz.org mailing list.
To [un]subscribe goto http://lists.openvz.org/mailman/listinfo/criu)

Commit message:

LXC WebUI Support
Adds support for migrating LXC containers with the p.haul WebUI. It uses the checkpoint functionality in LXC and rsync to migrate and restart the containers on different hosts. 

Signed-off-by: Arthur Lockman <alockman@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

p.haul
======

Process HAULer -- a tool to live-migrate containers and processes

The live-migration idea is quite simple. To live migrate a task
one needs to

* stop it and save its state into image file(s)
* make images available on the remote host
* recreate task on it from the images

This is what p.haul does. It heavily uses CRIU (http://criu.org)
to do state dump and restore. Task's stopped time is decreased
using the CRIU's pre-dump action.

Get p.haul ready
=======

1. Install criu or put criu binary location to $PATH.

2. Install protobuf-compiler and python-protobuf packages.

3. Install p.haul by running
	$ python setup.py install
   or just use it without installing.

For more information read the P.Haul-related pages on the CRIU
wiki (http://criu.org/Category:P.Haul).

How to contribute
=======

The p.haul patches should be sent to CRIU development mailing list
(https://openvz.org/mailman/listinfo/criu) with "p.haul" prefix.
Configure your local git repository using following command to
set subject prefix automatically:
* $ git config format.subjectprefix "PATCH p.haul"

Before sending patches please make sure your code formatted according to
project coding style (we use [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
with some exceptions) and your changes don't introduce linter warnings.

How to run flake8 linter to verify p.haul:
* $ yum install python-setuptools
* $ easy_install pip
* $ pip install flake8
* $ make lint

BUGs
======

All BUGs are to be reported on the criu@openvz.org mailing list.
To [un]subscribe goto http://lists.openvz.org/mailman/listinfo/criu)
